{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 Ateweberhan, M., and Tim R. McClanahan. \uc0\u8220{}Relationship between Historical Sea-Surface Temperature Variability and Climate Change-Induced Coral Mortality in the Western Indian Ocean.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Marine Pollution Bulletin} 60, no. 7 (July 1, 2010): 964\uc0\u8211{}70. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.marpolbul.2010.03.033.\
Coma, Rafel, Marta Ribes, Eduard Serrano, Eroteida Jim\uc0\u233{}nez, Jordi Salat, and Josep Pascual. \uc0\u8220{}Global Warming-Enhanced Stratification and Mass Mortality Events in the Mediterranean.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences}, March 28, 2009, pnas.0805801106. https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.0805801106.\
Frederiksen, M., F. Daunt, M. P. Harris, and S. Wanless. \uc0\u8220{}The Demographic Impact of Extreme Events: Stochastic Weather Drives Survival and Population Dynamics in a Long-Lived Seabird.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Animal Ecology} 77, no. 5 (September 1, 2008): 1020\uc0\u8211{}29. https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2656.2008.01422.x.\
Fr\uc0\u246{}licher, Thomas L., Erich M. Fischer, and Nicolas Gruber. \uc0\u8220{}Marine Heatwaves under Global Warming.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nature} 560, no. 7718 (August 2018): 360. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41586-018-0383-9.\
Marzloff, Martin Pierre, Eric C. J. Oliver, Neville S. Barrett, Neil J. Holbrook, Lainey James, Simon J. Wotherspoon, and Craig R. Johnson. \uc0\u8220{}Differential Vulnerability to Climate Change Yields Novel Deep-Reef Communities.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nature Climate Change} 8, no. 10 (October 2018): 873. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41558-018-0278-7.\
Nogu\uc0\u233{}s-Bravo, David, Francisco Rodr\uc0\u237{}guez-S\uc0\u225{}nchez, Luisa Orsini, Erik de Boer, Roland Jansson, Helene Morlon, Damien A. Fordham, and Stephen T. Jackson. \uc0\u8220{}Cracking the Code of Biodiversity Responses to Past Climate Change.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Trends in Ecology & Evolution} 33, no. 10 (October 1, 2018): 765\uc0\u8211{}76. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.tree.2018.07.005.\
Sorte, Frank A. La, and Walter Jetz. \uc0\u8220{}Tracking of Climatic Niche Boundaries under Recent Climate Change.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Animal Ecology} 81, no. 4 (July 1, 2012): 914\uc0\u8211{}25. https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2656.2012.01958.x.\
Wernberg, Thomas, Melinda A. Coleman, Scott Bennett, Mads S. Thomsen, Fernando Tuya, and Brendan P. Kelaher. \uc0\u8220{}Genetic Diversity and Kelp Forest Vulnerability to Climatic Stress.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Scientific Reports} 8, no. 1 (January 30, 2018): 1851. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-018-20009-9.\
Wernberg, Thomas, Dan A. Smale, Fernando Tuya, Mads S. Thomsen, Timothy J. Langlois, Thibaut de Bettignies, Scott Bennett, and Cecile S. Rousseaux. \uc0\u8220{}An Extreme Climatic Event Alters Marine Ecosystem Structure in a Global Biodiversity Hotspot.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nature Climate Change} 3, no. 1 (January 2013): 78\uc0\u8211{}82. https://doi.org/10.1038/nclimate1627.\
Wethey, David S., Sarah A. Woodin, Thomas J. Hilbish, Sierra J. Jones, Fernando P. Lima, and Pamela M. Brannock. \uc0\u8220{}Response of Intertidal Populations to Climate: Effects of Extreme Events versus Long Term Change.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Experimental Marine Biology and Ecology}, Global change in marine ecosystems, 400, no. 1 (April 30, 2011): 132\uc0\u8211{}44. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jembe.2011.02.008.\
}