{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 Cahill, Abigail E., Matthew E. Aiello-Lammens, M. Caitlin Fisher-Reid, Xia Hua, Caitlin J. Karanewsky, Hae Yeong Ryu, Gena C. Sbeglia, et al. \uc0\u8220{}How Does Climate Change Cause Extinction?\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Proc. R. Soc. B} 280, no. 1750 (January 7, 2013): 20121890. https://doi.org/10.1098/rspb.2012.1890.\
Hawkins, S. J., P. J. Moore, M. T. Burrows, E. Poloczanska, N. Mieszkowska, R. J. H. Herbert, S. R. Jenkins, R. C. Thompson, M. J. Genner, and A. J. Southward. \uc0\u8220{}Complex Interactions in a Rapidly Changing World: Responses of Rocky Shore Communities to Recent Climate Change.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Climate Research} 37, no. 2\uc0\u8211{}3 (October 16, 2008): 123\uc0\u8211{}33. https://doi.org/10.3354/cr00768.\
Kleisner, Kristin M., Michael J. Fogarty, Sally McGee, Analie Barnett, Paula Fratantoni, Jennifer Greene, Jonathan A. Hare, et al. \uc0\u8220{}The Effects of Sub-Regional Climate Velocity on the Distribution and Spatial Extent of Marine Species Assemblages.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}PLOS ONE} 11, no. 2 (February 22, 2016): e0149220. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0149220.\
Marzloff, Martin Pierre, Eric C. J. Oliver, Neville S. Barrett, Neil J. Holbrook, Lainey James, Simon J. Wotherspoon, and Craig R. Johnson. \uc0\u8220{}Differential Vulnerability to Climate Change Yields Novel Deep-Reef Communities.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nature Climate Change} 8, no. 10 (October 2018): 873. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41558-018-0278-7.\
P\uc0\u246{}yry, Juha, Miska Luoto, Risto K. Heikkinen, Mikko Kuussaari, and Kimmo Saarinen. \uc0\u8220{}Species Traits Explain Recent Range Shifts of Finnish Butterflies.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Global Change Biology} 15, no. 3 (March 1, 2009): 732\uc0\u8211{}43. https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2486.2008.01789.x.\
Trenkel, V. M., J. K. Pinnegar, W. A. Dawson, M. H. du Buit, and A. N. Tidd. \uc0\u8220{}Spatial and Temporal Structure of Predator\uc0\u8211{}Prey Relationships in the Celtic Sea Fish Community.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Marine Ecology Progress Series} 299 (September 1, 2005): 257\uc0\u8211{}68. https://doi.org/10.3354/meps299257.\
Wernberg, Thomas, Bayden\uc0\u160{}D. Russell, Mads\uc0\u160{}S. Thomsen, C. Frederico\uc0\u160{}D. Gurgel, Corey\uc0\u160{}J. A. Bradshaw, Elvira\uc0\u160{}S. Poloczanska, and Sean\uc0\u160{}D. Connell. \uc0\u8220{}Seaweed Communities in Retreat from Ocean Warming.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Current Biology} 21, no. 21 (November 8, 2011): 1828\uc0\u8211{}32. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cub.2011.09.028.\
}