{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 Adams, Katherine A., John A. Barth, and Francis Chan. \uc0\u8220{}Temporal Variability of Near-Bottom Dissolved Oxygen during Upwelling off Central Oregon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Geophysical Research: Oceans} 118, no. 10 (October 1, 2013): 4839\uc0\u8211{}54. https://doi.org/10.1002/jgrc.20361.\
Bograd, Steven J., Carmen G. Castro, Emanuele Di Lorenzo, Daniel M. Palacios, Helen Bailey, William Gilly, and Francisco P. Chavez. \uc0\u8220{}Oxygen Declines and the Shoaling of the Hypoxic Boundary in the California Current.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Geophysical Research Letters} 35, no. 12 (June 28, 2008). https://doi.org/10.1029/2008GL034185.\
Coffey, Daniel M., and Kim N. Holland. \uc0\u8220{}First Autonomous Recording of in Situ Dissolved Oxygen from Free-Ranging Fish.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Animal Biotelemetry} 3, no. 1 (October 15, 2015): 47. https://doi.org/10.1186/s40317-015-0088-x.\
Connolly, T. P., B. M. Hickey, S. L. Geier, and W. P. Cochlan. \uc0\u8220{}Processes Influencing Seasonal Hypoxia in the Northern California Current System.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Geophysical Research: Oceans} 115, no. C3 (March 24, 2010). https://doi.org/10.1029/2009JC005283.\
Crawford, William R., and M. Angelica Pe\uc0\u241{}a. \uc0\u8220{}Declining Oxygen on the British Columbia Continental Shelf.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Atmosphere-Ocean} 51, no. 1 (February 1, 2013): 88\uc0\u8211{}103. https://doi.org/10.1080/07055900.2012.753028.\
Cummins, Patrick F., and Diane Masson. \uc0\u8220{}Wind-Driven Variability of Dissolved Oxygen below the Mixed Layer at Station P.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Geophysical Research: Oceans} 117, no. C8 (August 1, 2012). https://doi.org/10.1029/2011JC007847.\
Deutsch, Curtis, Steven Emerson, and LuAnne Thompson. \uc0\u8220{}Fingerprints of Climate Change in North Pacific Oxygen.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Geophysical Research Letters} 32, no. 16 (August 1, 2005). https://doi.org/10.1029/2005GL023190.\
Falkowski, Paul G., Thomas Algeo, Lou Codispoti, Curtis Deutsch, Steven Emerson, Burke Hales, Raymond B. Huey, et al. \uc0\u8220{}Ocean Deoxygenation: Past, Present, and Future.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Eos, Transactions American Geophysical Union} 92, no. 46 (November 15, 2011): 409\uc0\u8211{}10. https://doi.org/10.1029/2011EO460001.\
Gallo, N. D., and L. A. Levin. \uc0\u8220{}Chapter Three - Fish Ecology and Evolution in the World\uc0\u8217{}s Oxygen Minimum Zones and Implications of Ocean Deoxygenation.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Advances in Marine Biology}, edited by Barbara E. Curry, 74:117\uc0\u8211{}98. Academic Press, 2016. https://doi.org/10.1016/bs.amb.2016.04.001.\
Hussey, Nigel E., Kevin J. Hedges, Amanda N. Barkley, Margaret A. Treble, Iva Peklova, Dale M. Webber, Steven H. Ferguson, et al. \uc0\u8220{}Movements of a Deep-Water Fish: Establishing Marine Fisheries Management Boundaries in Coastal Arctic Waters.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Ecological Applications} 27, no. 3 (April 1, 2017): 687\uc0\u8211{}704. https://doi.org/10.1002/eap.1485.\
Keeling, Ralph F., Arne K\uc0\u246{}rtzinger, and Nicolas Gruber. \uc0\u8220{}Ocean Deoxygenation in a Warming World.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Annual Review of Marine Science} 2, no. 1 (2010): 199\uc0\u8211{}229. https://doi.org/10.1146/annurev.marine.010908.163855.\
Keller, Aimee A., Lorenzo Ciannelli, W. Waldo Wakefield, Victor Simon, John A. Barth, and Stephen D. Pierce. \uc0\u8220{}Occurrence of Demersal Fishes in Relation to Near-Bottom Oxygen Levels within the California Current Large Marine Ecosystem.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Fisheries Oceanography} 24, no. 2 (March 1, 2015): 162\uc0\u8211{}76. https://doi.org/10.1111/fog.12100.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}Species-Specific Responses of Demersal Fishes to near-Bottom Oxygen Levels within the California Current Large Marine Ecosystem.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Marine Ecology Progress Series} 568 (March 24, 2017): 151\uc0\u8211{}73. https://doi.org/10.3354/meps12066.\
Koslow, J. Anthony, and Peter C. Davison. \uc0\u8220{}Productivity and Biomass of Fishes in the California Current Large Marine Ecosystem: Comparison of Fishery-Dependent and -Independent Time Series.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Environmental Development}, Thematic Issue - Ecosystem Based Management of Large Marine Ecosystems, 17 (January 1, 2016): 23\uc0\u8211{}32. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.envdev.2015.08.005.\
Koslow, J. Anthony, Ralf Goericke, and William Watson. \uc0\u8220{}Fish Assemblages in the Southern California Current: Relationships with Climate, 1951\uc0\u8211{}2008.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Fisheries Oceanography} 22, no. 3 (May 1, 2013): 207\uc0\u8211{}19. https://doi.org/10.1111/fog.12018.\
Long, Matthew C., Curtis Deutsch, and Taka Ito. \uc0\u8220{}Finding Forced Trends in Oceanic Oxygen.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Global Biogeochemical Cycles} 30, no. 2 (February 10, 2016): 381\uc0\u8211{}97. https://doi.org/10.1002/2015GB005310.\
McClatchie, S., R. Goericke, R. Cosgrove, G. Auad, and R. Vetter. \uc0\u8220{}Oxygen in the Southern California Bight: Multidecadal Trends and Implications for Demersal Fisheries.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Geophysical Research Letters} 37, no. 19 (October 2, 2010). https://doi.org/10.1029/2010GL044497.\
Peterson, Jay, Roger Griffis, Stephani G. Zador, Michael F. Sigler, John E. Joyce, Mary Hunsicker, Steven Bograd, et al. \uc0\u8220{}Climate Change Impacts on Fisheries and Aquaculture of the United States.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Climate Change Impacts on Fisheries and Aquaculture}, 159\uc0\u8211{}218. John Wiley & Sons, Ltd, 2017. https://doi.org/10.1002/9781119154051.ch8.\
Pierce, Stephen D., John A. Barth, R. Kipp Shearman, and Anatoli Y. Erofeev. \uc0\u8220{}Declining Oxygen in the Northeast Pacific.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Physical Oceanography} 42, no. 3 (January 25, 2012): 495\uc0\u8211{}501. https://doi.org/10.1175/JPO-D-11-0170.1.\
P\uc0\u246{}rtner, Hans O., and Rainer Knust. \uc0\u8220{}Climate Change Affects Marine Fishes through the Oxygen Limitation of Thermal Tolerance.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Science} 315, no. 5808 (January 5, 2007): 95\uc0\u8211{}97. https://doi.org/10.1126/science.1135471.\
Schmidtko, Sunke, Lothar Stramma, and Martin Visbeck. \uc0\u8220{}Decline in Global Oceanic Oxygen Content during the Past Five Decades.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nature} 542, no. 7641 (February 2017): 335\uc0\u8211{}39. https://doi.org/10.1038/nature21399.\
Somero, George N., Jody M. Beers, Francis Chan, Tessa M. Hill, Terrie Klinger, and Steven Y. Litvin. \uc0\u8220{}What Changes in the Carbonate System, Oxygen, and Temperature Portend for the Northeastern Pacific Ocean: A Physiological Perspective.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}BioScience} 66, no. 1 (January 1, 2016): 14\uc0\u8211{}26. https://doi.org/10.1093/biosci/biv162.\
Stauffer, Beth A., Alyssa G. Gellene, Astrid Schnetzer, Erica L. Seubert, Carl Oberg, Gaurav S. Sukhatme, and David A. Caron. \uc0\u8220{}An Oceanographic, Meteorological, and Biological \uc0\u8216{}Perfect Storm\uc0\u8217{} Yields a Massive Fish Kill.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Marine Ecology Progress Series} 468 (November 14, 2012): 231\uc0\u8211{}43. https://doi.org/10.3354/meps09927.\
Wang, Yi, Ingrid Hendy, and Tiffany J. Napier. \uc0\u8220{}Climate and Anthropogenic Controls of Coastal Deoxygenation on Interannual to Centennial Timescales.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Geophysical Research Letters} 44, no. 22 (November 28, 2017): 11,528-11,536. https://doi.org/10.1002/2017GL075443.\
Wishner, Karen F., Dawn M. Outram, Brad A. Seibel, Kendra L. Daly, and Rebecca L. Williams. \uc0\u8220{}Zooplankton in the Eastern Tropical North Pacific: Boundary Effects of Oxygen Minimum Zone Expansion.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Deep Sea Research Part I: Oceanographic Research Papers} 79 (September 1, 2013): 122\uc0\u8211{}40. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsr.2013.05.012.\
}