{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 Cheung, William W. L., Vicky W. Y. Lam, Jorge L. Sarmiento, Kelly Kearney, Reg Watson, Dirk Zeller, and Daniel Pauly. \uc0\u8220{}Large-Scale Redistribution of Maximum Fisheries Catch Potential in the Global Ocean under Climate Change.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Global Change Biology} 16, no. 1 (January 1, 2010): 24\uc0\u8211{}35. https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2486.2009.01995.x.\
Cheung, William W. L., Reg Watson, and Daniel Pauly. \uc0\u8220{}Signature of Ocean Warming in Global Fisheries Catch.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nature} 497, no. 7449 (May 2013): 365\uc0\u8211{}68. https://doi.org/10.1038/nature12156.\
Hsieh, Chih-hao, Christian S Reiss, Roger P Hewitt, and George Sugihara. \uc0\u8220{}Spatial Analysis Shows That Fishing Enhances the Climatic Sensitivity of Marine Fishes.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Canadian Journal of Fisheries and Aquatic Sciences} 65, no. 5 (May 1, 2008): 947\uc0\u8211{}61. https://doi.org/10.1139/f08-017.\
Liang, Cui, Weiwei Xian, and Daniel Pauly. \uc0\u8220{}Impacts of Ocean Warming on China\uc0\u8217{}s Fisheries Catches: An Application of \uc0\u8216{}Mean Temperature of the Catch\uc0\u8217{} Concept.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Frontiers in Marine Science} 5 (2018). https://doi.org/10.3389/fmars.2018.00026.\
Link, Jason S., Janet A. Nye, and Jonathan A. Hare. \uc0\u8220{}Guidelines for Incorporating Fish Distribution Shifts into a Fisheries Management Context.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Fish and Fisheries} 12, no. 4 (December 1, 2011): 461\uc0\u8211{}69. https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1467-2979.2010.00398.x.\
Mindel, Beth L., Francis C. Neat, Thomas J. Webb, and Julia L. Blanchard. \uc0\u8220{}Size-Based Indicators Show Depth-Dependent Change over Time in the Deep Sea.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ICES Journal of Marine Science} 75, no. 1 (January 1, 2018): 113\uc0\u8211{}21. https://doi.org/10.1093/icesjms/fsx110.\
Young, Talia, Emma C. Fuller, Mikaela M. Provost, Kaycee E. Coleman, Kevin St. Martin, Bonnie J. McCay, and Malin L. Pinsky. \uc0\u8220{}Adaptation Strategies of Coastal Fishing Communities as Species Shift Poleward.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ICES Journal of Marine Science}. Accessed November 28, 2018. https://doi.org/10.1093/icesjms/fsy140.\
}